a
1. Find the pastor ids that get paid 1900 or 2200 
2. Find the pastor ids that speak at Pandora or Ramada
b
1. Find the pastor ids that speak at Conferences that take place at Pandora and at Solay
2. Find the pastor ids that speak at Pandora and have salary 1900
c
1. Find the pastor ids that speak at a conference that takes place at Pandora but not at a conference that takes place at Solay
2. Find the pastor ids that get paid 1900 and don't speak at a conference that takes place at Ramada
d
1. show all the pastors and churches, regardles of their relation
2. show all conferences with their supporting churches even for conferences that don't have supporters yet.
3. show all the members and if they play in a band show the band name and the instrument they play at
4. show all the members of church Tabor that play the piano
e
1. Find the pastor ids that pastor Church named Tabor and speak at a conference that takes place at Solay
2. Find the pastor ids for the pastors that pastor the church named Betel
f
1. Find the names of the pastors that pastor a church named Tabor
2. Find the pastors that speak at a conference that takes place at Pandora
g.
1. Find the ids of the pastors that speak at a conference in 2021 
2. Find the ids of the pastors that pastor a church that is on the street Meiului
h.
1. Find or each conference that has at least 2 pastors the number of pastors it has
2. Find the highest salary paid for a pastor for the churches that has multiple pastors
3. Find the longest speack duration for each conference that will happen in 2021 and has at least two pastors
4. Find the number of conferences a pastor will speak at
5. Find the number of members with the same last name that are in the same group
6. Find for every church that pays the pastors a salary greater than 2000 on average the number of pastors
7. Find the age of the oldest member for each group that is of type Youth
i
1. Find the members that are younger than all members with last name Popa
2. Find the pastors that get paid more that some pastor with first name Bogdan
3. Find the pastors that get paid 2200
4. Find all the members that were not born in the year 2000

--select * from Pastors P inner join Speaks_at S on P.PastorID = S.Pastor inner join Conferences C on S.Conference = C.ConferenceID
--select * from Pastors P full join Pastors_chuches PC on P.PastorID = PC.Pastor full join Churches C on PC.Church= C.ChurchID
--select * from Member M inner join Small_group SG on SG.GroupID = M.Attending_group
